---
layout: post
title: "WIPO - SIMC Joint Webinar: Recent Developments in Mediation for IP and Technology Disputes on 27 October 2020 "
permalink: "/latest/events/test"
---
Join the WIPO Arbitration and Mediation Center (WIPO Center) and the Singapore International Mediation Centre (SIMC) for a discussion on the recent developments, initiatives and trends in intellectual property (IP) and technology, media and telecoms (TMT) dispute settlement.

With international commercial disputes in the IP and TMT sector increasing in complexity and sensitivity, businesses may prefer dispute resolution processes that are time- and cost-effective, and that focus on the preservation of relationships. Speakers will outline the landscape for IP and TMT disputes, and how companies may take advantage of mediation to fast-track resolution. The panel discussion will also cover the challenges and opportunities in IP and TMT dispute resolution, unpack the key features of the Singapore Convention on Mediation, its relevance, and impact for cross-border mediated settlement agreements. 

The event also celebrates the beginning of a partnership between the WIPO Center and SIMC. 

Details are as follows.

Date: 27 October 2020 (Tuesday)
 
Time: 17:00-18:30
 
This event is free of charge. To register, please access this link. (A link to the webinar will be sent to the email address you have provided)
 
Event flyer: Download. More info is available here.
  
Please contact arbiter.mail@wipo.int or secretariat@simc.com.sg if you have any questions

